A connection
is a strange thing.
Don't ask how it works.
Our friendship goes back years.
Our connection is stronger
than Wi-Fi, Bluetooth.
The best actor award
goes to Aryan Khanna.
First time
I'm getting an award,
a major award in the film industry.
This one's for you, Mom.
Thank you very much.
He taught me everything,
not just how to walk and jump.
Aryan? What a moron!
Everyone insults him,
so I get into fights.
If I copy his style,
I get a beating.
I don't think I've done enough work.
It's just been five years.
I still have a long way to go
as an actor and as a star.
I'll work hard and prove to be
a true superstar.
I never compare myself
to others.
What is better is to say
that you are the best
and not bother about others.
You're the greatest.
But I'm better.
I never met him,
but I spend all day with him.
That's a real connection.
Whatever he does, I cut, copy,
paste, and replicate.
There's only a tiny difference.
He became a star.
And I became his fan.
And something else:
We live together...
in one movie theater
or the other.
The real drama will start now!
All these years, none
of my achievements are my own.
Whoever and wherever
I am today,
it's all thanks to my fans.
Without my fans, I'm nothing.
Can't you even get
good grades?
It's always "Aryan, Aryan."
My parents don't get it.
He's not just a star,
he's my world.
But God made a big mistake.
When He was making Aryan,
there was some clay left,
and God used it to make me.
He and I are different,
worlds apart.
But we are one.
He is Aryan and me,
I'm Aryan Jr.
I topped off your phone.
200 rupees.
Send the money tomorrow.
Don't worry.
Tomorrow is fine.
The shop is closing
early today.
Check your phone.
You're a gem.
Bye, auntie.
Okay, Batman, Superman!
Enough slaughter!
Stop playing.
Kill the bad guys tomorrow.
-Gaurav, what's this?
-It's only 5:30, dude.
Don't act smart, I told you.
You're out by 5:30.
Go home, kids.
Don't mess with me.
Everything okay?
Miss Call Center, where were you?
-I'm closing.
-So early?
-I have a show.
-Five minutes, please.
No. I'll be late.
Only five minutes.
It's urgent.
I need a recommendation letter
for my US visa.
I have a costume fitting.
Can you do it later...?
Okay, then.
Thanks!
Five minutes only.
You're kicking us out,
but she--
She has urgent business.
You just shoot partridges.
Yeah, I get what's urgent.
Come back tomorrow.
Get lost!
Losers!
Sitting here dreaming of America
won't help you.
But staring at Aryan's photo
will help you?
-Two minutes left.
-All done.
Thank you.
What do I owe you?
Forget it. I can't charge you
for five minutes.
-Thanks.
-Enjoy!
Guys, we're closed.
So the action just left?
What's 30 minutes?
I put this notice up a week ago.
"Due to the grand Dussehra show,
organized by the Resident Welfare
Association Inder Vihar, DDA Colony,
AK Cyber Chat closes
at 5:30 p.m. sharp
by order Gaurav Chandna,
proprietor AK Cyber Chat."
See you again soon.
If I knew English well,
I'd be a computer myself.
The shop won't stay open,
not even for the Prime Minister.
I said it's closed.
You'll get extra time tomorrow.
You Photocopy!
Don't be cruel like Ravan.
This boy needs to watch porn.
He's upset.
Go ahead! Sit there.
I don't heal troubled minds
at Cyber Chat.
There's no porn allowed here
anyway. Out, you guys!
You better outgrow Aryan Khanna.
Sid Kapoor is the man now.
Get smart, Photocopy.
The store in Sector 28 is open.
-Go there.
-Don't you dare touch me!
-Don't touch.
-Here, I'm touching.
Get out of here.
Let go! They need a lesson.
Want to see porn? Huh?
What are you doing?
Nothing. I let you chat,
so they caused trouble.
I'm fine.
You can all go. Thank you!
Those unemployed morons!
They came to watch dirty movies.
I gave them what for.
Why play the hero?
Why didn't you call for help?
But I did call you.
My heart did.
So you came back.
Please, Gaurav!
Stop talking like Aryan!
Forget it. Are you
coming to the show tonight?
I'm too busy.
I don't have free time like you.
Today's a birthday special.
-No, thank you.
-You're welcome.
How did you get hurt?
Who hit you? I'll complain
to the association.
It's fine. Don't ruin
my concentration.
Concentration? You can't move.
How will you go on stage?
The prize is 20,000.
20 thousand! Cash!
You won't give me 20,000
to go and meet Aryan.
It's my only chance
to fulfill my dream.
I don't have money to burn
on your silly dreams.
What about your Tuesday trips
to the Hanuman temple?
Doesn't your 101 rupee donation
go up in smoke?
Hanumanji is a god,
and your Aryan--
He's important to me.
Most important!
Every fool has met him,
except me.
Spray me with perfume.
-Okay! Okay!
-Here.
-Careful.
-If you can't do it, never mind.
My fans are waiting.
Get ready.
Listen to your mother!
Enough drama!
The real drama starts now.
Hold on to your hearts.
You're about to see a performance
that the Western Union,
"moving money for better,"
Super Star competition
can never do without.
You guessed right.
Here he comes.
The two-year winner:
Our Aryan Khanna Junior!
Mrs. Jindal!
Is your pressure cooker
on the stove?
Because the only whistle
you'll hear today is right here.
My hat trick year.
Today I'll share something
personal about me and Aryan.
I hide nothing from you
I'm no ace at romance.
But when I see her,
my emotions go haywire.
Words escape me.
Senior is an expert at stealing hearts,
so I asked him... to help his Junior.
It's delicate.
I must tread carefully.
Don't forget!
The heart's job is to beat.
When you count the night stars
and yearn to etch my name
on every star,
you know you're in love.
When you want to turn back
as you walk ahead,
when you look for me in a crowd?
You know you're in love.
If you don't believe me...
then hold my hand.
If your heart stops,
then you know... you're in love.
I don't have your style, Senior.
But if anyone insults you,
l want to break their teeth.
My Mom tells me,
"Calm down.
Aryan is India's sweetheart."
But he's a Delhi boy after all.
Come, Senior. Let's show them
some Delhi muscle.
Mom used to say:
"Don't weigh
the food you're eating.
And don't count the guys
you beat up."
Here.
Use this.
I feel like just staring at the screen.
I have a dream.
Keep doing your thing
with your heroines.
I've been your fan forever.
I think you owe me a dance.
We'll have a blast.
No one will tell who is Senior,
who is Junior. Hit it!
One last thing before I go.
Whatever and wherever I am today...
It's all thanks to my fans.
Without my fans,
I'm nothing.
Brothers and sisters!
The Virat act did not impress us.
The Katrina act didn't impress us either.
This year like every other year,
the Western Union,
"moving money for better"
Super Star competition's trophy
goes to our very own...
Gaurav Chandna!
Give him a big hand!
I want to thank my mommy.
My papa.
My god,
the greatest actor in the world,
the Aryan Khanna!
If you must, then go!
But why travel without a ticket?
-Go later.
-Later?
Aryan's birthday is in two days,
and I must wait to buy a ticket?
The inspector will catch you
and beat you up.
Remind her how Aryan traveled
to Mumbai for the first time.
-WT.
-Without ticket!
You want to give him the trophy?
Mail it to him!
Papa, count the money again.
Fake fans cheer him from afar,
but I'll hug him and hand him
the trophy myself.
-Like this.
-Have you gone mad?
Control the boy.
Here. 20,000.
Did you spit on the bills?
Socks, in the outside pocket.
Underwear, inside the bag.
Any extra underwear? I'll have
no time to wash them.
Here. Give this to him
from your papa and me.
Sohan halwa.
Tell him your father got it
especially for him.
-From Chandni Chowk.
-Why tell him? I'll show him.
I'll show Aryan a family selfie.
Come, we'll get the background.
Mommy, hold the box.
I'll hold the trophy.
Papa, hide those undies.
-Cheese.
-Cheese!
-Need a ride to the station?
-No, go to the store.
-Can you manage?
-Sure.
Don't overstay at Aryan's.
I only have four days' leave,
it can't be extended.
Don't worry, papa.
Bye, mommy.
Be careful, son.
Hey! Hey!
-Where are you going?
-Hi!
Did your parents kick you out?
You keep dreaming
about moving to America.
I'm off to meet Aryan,
face-to-face.
You told Aryan about it?
He's my Aryan, not America.
No visa needed.
I'm going to America to make a new life.
You'll get nothing meeting Aryan.
Forget it, you wouldn't understand.
Hello, sir. Hello, ma'am.
Your ice cream.
Sir, can I get a vegetarian meal?
Seat number?
100.
Right away.
If you want to stretch your legs
or your back, let me know.
It's only one night.
We'll adjust.
Allow me. Go ahead.
Let me put his plate down.
Don't worry.
You don't have to worry.
We're coming.
No ticket?
Sir, it's a long story.
Let me explain.
I'll do the explaining.
Call Ratlam police station.
Let him spend two days inside.
No more WT traveling.
Sir, you don't get it.
I could've bought the ticket.
-I want to travel without one.
-Come with me.
What are you doing?
I'm not a thief or a criminal.
You see, tomorrow is
Aryan Khanna's birthday.
If I get there late,
it's all for nothing.
-Aryan Khanna?
-Right! He went to Mumbai WT.
Stayed at the Hotel Delite,
room number 205.
I'll be staying there too.
Get the picture?
Let me get to Mumbai.
You won't lose anything.
Here's the ticket money.
Keep it.
-But I'll travel WT.
-Shut up!
You need a good slap.
Take him. He won't listen.
Damn you!
Take me to Mumbai or I'll jump!
You'll be answering the cops all night.
You want to die?
Get back inside!
If I can't see Aryan Khanna
on his birthday,
there's no point in living!
Don't lose your head over
these movie stars.
He may be a movie star to you,
but he's special to me!
Give me your hand or you'll die!
-Will you take me to Mumbai?
-Okay! Okay! Give me your hand.
-One veg meal?
-Done! Give me your hand!
Okay, hold me.
Is he a relative?
Do you really know him?
Is he family?
What are you to Aryan Khanna?
A fan.
Room 205 is occupied.
Why? I had a reservation.
There are no reservations here.
First come, first serve.
Pay cash, take the key.
I'll pay double,
but only for room 205.
If you don't give it to me,
you'll see what I do.
Hey, boy! Move the stuff
from 205 to 209.
Here, brother.
Room 205 for you.
Happy birthday, Senior.
Five,
four,
three, two, one.
Let me through, man.
I'm late. Move it!
What a crowd! My God!
Step aside, man!
The press over there.
Let them come in.
How are you?
Let's take a selfie! Smile.
Thank you.
These two-faced fans.
They moan about his films, and
come here to pose with him.
Look at them.
-You can't go there.
-I'm not like them!
I'm not one of them.
Those FB types are fake fans.
I'm Gaurav! Gaurav Chandna!
I've come from Delhi.
WT. Rajdhani Express.
Guess where I'm staying?
Guess!
Guess! Guess!
Hotel Delite. Room number 205.
I'm staying at the same place.
Don't you get it?
I'll show you magic.
You'll enjoy it. Look!
When you count the night stars
and yearn to etch her name
on every star,
you know you're in love.
When her breath is carried
by the breeze...
Let the press go.
...you know you're in love.
When you turn back as you walk ahead...
Check the press IDs.
Go inside.
-Let me in! Let me in!
-Not you! Don't you get it?
I want to show him my trophy.
l just want him to see it.
Then I'll be gone.
Moron!
If Aryan ever hears that you hit me,
he'll beat you up.
It's okay. It's nothing.
Aryan Khanna!
Mommy sent you special halwa.
And this trophy for your birthday!
Mommy sent special halwa!
Aryan Khanna...
Hello, Mommy?
I'm fine.
Aryan is fine, too.
I haven't met him yet.
You're talking to me like a child, Mommy.
He's a superstar.
How can I just meet him?
There are thousands of people
here to meet him.
They've built a 50 ft. wall
in front of him.
The poor guy is stuck alone behind it.
Scream as loudly as you want,
he can't hear.
I'm hanging up.
I'll call later.
They say common sense deserts
a man in bad times.
SLAP ECHO
It seems that's Aryan Khanna's fate now.
In his twilight years,
his films are bombing.
No surprise that he's on edge
and snappy.
On his 48th birthday,
he showed his irritation
through his gift to Sid Kapoor.
No star had matched Aryan
till now,
but Sid Kapoor pulled the rug
from under his feet.
The party guests said Sid
Kapoor hinted
that Aryan Khanna's days
were over.
What did Kapoor tell Aryan Khanna
to make him hit him?
SID'S REPLY
I went to wish him happy birthday.
Look what he did to me!
Look at this!
This is totally not cool.
He's an elder. I respect him a lot.
I always say I've learned how to act
by watching his films.
I don't know why I make him insecure.
What will you do?
Take legal action?
I should.
I'll talk to my legal team.
Let's see what they say.
It's my duty to do something,
so no newcomer is mistreated
by a senior star.
Thank you.
That's all I want to say.
We'll talk after
I've consulted my legal team.
Liar! Cheat!
Playing the good boy on TV.
Anyone can see through you.
You think he's insecure?
He's seen off dozens like you.
No one has touched Aryan Khanna
for 25 years.
Do your worst, sonny!
No one can touch him.
Just you wait.
Cut!
Great shot.
Superb!
-You liked it?
-Fantastic.
Love you! Love you!
Sid Kapoor! You swallowed
Aryan Khanna whole!
Excuse me.
What delivery!
You've destroyed Aryan Khanna.
Blew him away.
I am your biggest fan, sir.
At the contest back home--
Unfortunately, I look like Aryan,
but I always impersonate you.
I always win first place, sir!
I've even won a trophy.
I love you, sir.
I love you very much. I...
Let me show you my trophy, sir.
Please see my trophy...
You let the girls through.
Let the boys go as well, please.
-Let him come.
-He says yes. Thank you, sir!
Sorry. Give me space.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you very much, sir!
-I'll show you my act?
-Sure!
Okay. All right.
The mind always outsmarts
the face, Mr. Singhania.
You can imitate someone.
But you can't imitate his mind.
When all doors are shut,
there's a knock at the mind's door.
And when that door opens,
you see a new road.
I have walked that road to you, Singhania.
And through that very door
you shall walk to your peril.
Too good, fan.
You're too good, man.
Well done, fan.
Well done.
-Thank you! Thank you!
-Hey, hey, hey!
Relax, man!
Just calm down.
It's okay.
I have the same jacket
you're wearing.
-That's good. Very nice.
-One chance, sir! One chance!
-It's his lunch break now.
-One chance, sir.
Santosh, bring me the salad
in half an hour.
Come on, fan!
Hear that?
-Sit down.
-No, thank you.
Sir, a small question
from a fan.
Why fight with Aryan Khanna?
Why bother with the police
and police reports?
That's nothing, bro.
I'll drag him to court.
Allow me.
Aryan Khanna's time is up.
-I'll wring your neck.
-Santosh!
-To hell with Santosh.
Shut up! No one is coming.
Close your mouth.
Shut up! Or I'll--
Now listen... sit quietly--
Listen carefully!
Don't open your mouth again
to insult Aryan.
One peep and I'll crush
your chocolate face with the wrapper.
No fan will look at you again.
Since you like to spout your wisdom
on TV, look at my camera.
Read! Here's the script.
Learn the lines.
Do your crappy acting.
Come on!
Your damn phone never stops ringing.
-Answer you phone later.
-Sorry!
Now, read it!
Start.
It's in Hindi, dude.
You're a Hindi film hero
and you can't read Hindi?
Where do they find you guys?
What do you film people say?
Action!
Dear Aryan, sir,
I'm really very sorry.
My statement to the press
was all lies.
I wanted to ruin your name.
No one can take your place.
You're the best.
The greatest, the most timeless,
super-duper star.
I apologize once again.
Think of me as your kid brother
and forgive me.
Why won't he play with you?
Shall I tell him to?
Dad, he bullies me.
He bullies you because
he's scared of you.
He thinks you'll win.
We'll cheat!
-Dhruv, let's play.
-Dad, come on.
Play with Isha.
I've trained her.
-I am so sorry.
-Dad, you made me lose a point.
Now she's ahead of you.
Try and win.
Go for it.
I'm glad Sid realized his mistake.
He's a great guy, young and new.
Glad it got sorted out.
Ladies and gentlemen,
last point, next point.
Nothing is sorted,
it's a game.
The apology. Say sorry.
It's all a game.
But, Aryan, please.
You should've controlled yourself.
I tried very hard.
I gave him one slap, more like a pat.
See the scandal it's created.
If someone comes to my house,
drinks my expensive wine,
and flirts with my wife,
should I just stand by and watch?
You have no time.
Let someone else flirt with me.
Actually, you're right. Yeah.
But not this moron.
The video has gone viral.
Social media is buzzing.
Join us for the stock market news
after this short break.
Aryan, wake up!
Wake up! Wake up, Aryan!
What happened?
Did you sleep here all night?
I was reading a script. It was
so good that I dozed off.
Sunaina is here. She has something
that'll wake you up.
-Good morning, Aryan.
-It's too early, Sunaina.
I know. I'm really sorry,
but I have to tell you something.
-Are you pregnant?
-Shut up, Aryan.
Watch this.
Come on. Look here and say
your lines. Hurry!
Dear Aryan, sir...
Look here!
Look at the camera!
Okay, okay. I'll do it.
I'll do it.
-Come on.
-Did Aryan send you?
Aryan has nothing to do with it.
Do as you're told.
Look at the camera.
If you want cash, take it.
Just let me go, please. Please!
Cash? I'll give you cash.
Stop! I'll do it.
What will you do? Scum!
A fan.
He calls himself
Aryan Khanna, Jr.
He sent a Facebook message.
"A small birthday gift to the love
of my life, Aryan Khanna, Sr.
Call me once to thank me.
My life is set."
-Hello!
-Hello.
Aryan Khanna, Jr.?
You calling from Aryan's house?
Yes.
Where is Aryan Khanna, Sr.?
He's busy right now.
He asked me to call you.
How come he's so busy?
No time to talk to his Junior?
I did so much for him.
I came to the house
on his birthday, the crowd...
Yeah, yeah, hello.
Aryan?
Aryan Khanna?
Gaurav on this side.
Your fan, your Junior.
Where are you?
Just guess!
Delite hotel, in your room.
Room no. 205. Charni Road.
Remember?
But if you're calling to say
thank you, it won't do.
I deserve a hug from my brother.
-You want to see me?
-Sure!
I made a big scandal just to meet you.
Okay, wait there.
I'll send a car to pick you up.
Done, Senior.
Thank you! Thank you, thank you,
thank you very much!
Hello?
Mind blasting.
Really?
Take a taxi.
You're going to Aryan Khanna's.
Don't go by auto-rickshaw.
He's sending me his personal car.
He's invited me home.
Don't forget to take pictures!
If he offers you any food,
no pouncing on it like a pauper.
Food? I'm not going
for the food.
I'm going there to hug him.
Tell him to wear the clothes
I had made for him at Diwali.
-Make sure he takes the trophy.
-Like he'd forget!
-Say hello from me.
-And me, too.
Okay. I'll tell him.
Call me once you've met him.
The car's here.
Call you later, bye-bye.
The car is there.
Hello.
Are you the driver?
Aryan Khanna, Jr.?
Did you pull a fast one
on Sid Kapoor?
No. You're mistaken.
Did Sid Kapoor send you?
I'll tell you later.
Come on.
I'm meeting Aryan.
I won't go anywhere.
-Like hell you won't.
-I won't come.
Come on! Come on!
Don't touch me.
No touching!
Let me go!
Stop!
Catch me if you can!
-Stop, you punk!
-Please don't hit me.
Don't hit him hard.
We have orders.
Come on. Let's go.
Let me call Aryan Khanna.
Where are you taking me?
Sid Kapoor is evil.
Don't get mixed up with him.
Shut up!
I did it for Aryan Khanna!
His problem is my problem!
If Aryan hears about this,
he'll skin you alive!
Stop!
Think it over.
We'll be back. Let's go.
Good evening, sir.
Please come in.
We asked him
why he made the video.
He says he'll talk only to you.
You told us to go easy on him.
-We barely touched him.
-Thank you.
-Usman.
-Yes, sir?
This is for his expenses.
Keep him here two days.
Get him a ticket to Delhi.
Take him to the station.
And like I said before,
don't beat him up too badly,
just enough to scare him.
No one should hear about this.
No police record,
no video statement, please.
Sure, sir. Sure.
Where is he?
-I want to meet him alone. Yeah.
-Okay.
-You stay here.
-Yeah.
Gaurav.
Gaurav!
Senior...
You're here.
I knew you'd come.
They hit me and hit me.
They broke my bones.
I protected my face.
It's Aryan Khanna's face.
Nothing must happen to it.
See? It's the same face.
Everyone calls me
Aryan Khanna, Jr.
But I say... there's only one
Aryan Khanna.
-Relax.
-Let's go.
It's okay.
I impersonate you at the yearly
Super Star competition.
I always win first prize.
The bastards took my bag.
My trophy was in it.
I brought it to show you.
I could show you my act.
I'm nervous in front of you.
It's all right. Sit.
There's no audience here.
Their screaming
and cheering helps.
-Are you from Delhi?
-West Delhi.
You're from Rajender Nagar,
I'm from Inder Vihar.
Two traffic lights from the TV
tower, near DAV Park.
Listen to me carefully.
You did something nasty.
It's a crime.
A crime in the eyes of the law.
Love in your eyes, no?
Not love, it's stupidity.
Do you have any family?
There's Papa, Mommy...
and you, too.
Have you thought
what your parents would say?
They'd be sad seeing you
in that sadistic video.
Why would we show it to them?
It was for you.
Did you like my birthday gift?
Sid Kapoor?
I beat the crap out of him.
I don't understand how the cops
discovered our little secret.
"Our"?
There is no "our."
The police brought you here
on my orders.
You made a mistake.
You had to be punished.
So you won't mess up again.
On your orders?
I did so much for you.
Who are you
to do anything for me?
I'm your fan.
-You're my star.
-Fan? So you do as you please?
Beat people up?
Kill them?
If it was necessary,
I could kill for you.
You're not my fan.
Don't say that.
I risked my life to meet you.
I hit Sid Kapoor a little,
so you'd meet me.
What did I want in return?
To see you, a few photos,
an autograph. That's all.
Can't you spare five minutes
of your life?
It's my life.
Why should I give you
even five seconds?
Whoever and wherever
I am today, my stardom...
It's all thanks to my fans.
If it weren't for my fans...
I'd be nothing.
Gaurav makes Aryan.
Without Gaurav...
Aryan is nothing.
Now you listen carefully.
When the police let you go,
go straight to Delhi, okay?
I'll forget all about Gaurav.
And you'll forget
you ever met Aryan.
Live your life.
I'll live mine.
This is your final warning.
Okay?
Forget it.
You wouldn't understand.
Hello, Mommy.
I'll be home soon.
-Everything okay?
-Everything is fine.
Why didn't you take my call?
I was busy, so I couldn't take it.
-Gaurav, we're worried about you.
-Don't worry.
-You'll be home soon?
-Tell Papa to mind the cyber cafe.
-Are you eating well?
-The food is fine here. Okay, bye.
Thank you.
Come, hero.
The boss wants you.
Whatever happened, happened.
Put it behind you. Right?
Thank you, man.
I made a mistake. Sorry.
Gaurav! Hey!
Did you hug Aryan Khanna?
He didn't meet you? Didn't have
five minutes to spare?
Don't feel bad.
It's not my loss, it's his!
He's happy where he is.
I'm happy where I am.
It's okay! Really!
Mommy, make me some
rice and beans tonight.
Hello, auntie.
You're moving out?
Who knows what this boy wants?
Got a good price?
Don't worry, Papa.
I'll invest wisely.
I wasted too much time on Aryan.
The store is sold, Mommy.
Let's go.
Hurry. You coming?
-Let's go.
-Okay, come on.
Is everything okay, auntie?
Fans chase stars.
Now a star will chase a fan.
Whenever Aryan Khanna's name
is mentioned...
it'll be in the same breath
as Gaurav Chandna's.
Good morning, London!
Welcome to Bollywood Caf,
98.1 FM.
Do you know what's special
about the weekend?
Guys, this weekend is the
"Aryan Khanna Reloaded" show,
presented by Hyundai.
Stars have a great life.
I want a life like Aryan's.
Full-on jet set!
One day in London,
then he's off to Dubrovnik
for the grand Bhutiani wedding...
And then comes back
for the London show.
Wow! Well, by the way, guys,
did you know London is
one of his favorite places?
In fact, he considers it
his second home after Mumbai.
We have some good news
and some bad news.
The bad news first, obviously.
The Hyundai "Aryan Khanna Reloaded"
show is sold out.
Oh, no!
What's the good news?
We have 20 free tickets
for our listeners.
The first one to answer
my question correctly
wins a ticket to the show.
The question comes after
this beautiful song.
Here's your tickets.
Enjoy your visit.
-Hello, how can I help you?
-One ticket, please.
Enjoy your visit.
The real drama starts now.
Aryan Khanna!
Yes, yes, yes.
Thank you.
Tim, come in!
Tim!
Hi, everyone!
Thank you! Thank you, everyone!
Thank you! All right!
Mr. Khanna, Tim Baker,
the manager.
Aryan Khanna, the actor.
I know who you are.
I hope it's not a bother.
Fans... never a bother.
Thank you!
Thank you very--
Sir, a photo
with your wax figure.
Of course!
And let me say this.
It's amazing, really.
You've come all the way to London
to take a photo with my wax figure.
Really, that's very sweet.
Is this better?
Here.
Better now?
Yeah!
But-- But let me warn you.
I was much younger then.
You like it?
Honestly?
It's very scary.
You tell me,
does he look like me?
-You look great in real life.
-Exactly, darling!
I agree.
What a fat nose he has!
My nose is tiny. See?
A fake face.
A fake smile.
All fake.
I don't smile like this.
Actually, nobody smiles like this.
His hair smells bad,
feels bad and looks bad.
Yeah? See?
In fact, I don't look like him at all.
This is a fake.
Aryan Khanna is a fake.
I want a refund!
Aryan Khanna is a fake!
Mr. Khanna? Mr. Khanna!
This isn't right. You can't do this
to our property.
The white man claims
my face is his property.
Mr. Property Agent,
this is me. See?
My face, my property.
Stop right now and leave, sir.
I won't leave.
Hey, watch out, now.
-Okay, okay.
-Mister, let's go.
Guys, it's a joke!
You guys can't take a joke.
Let's go!
Come here. Come.
Who can stop me?
Get back! Lie down!
I'll shoot you all!
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
You are gonna be
in a lot of trouble over this.
Really? Really? No...
You are in trouble too.
Stay out of my way!
I'll shoot.
You all right?
Come on.
Aryan! Aryan!
-Aryan!
-Okay.
-What?
-Come out.
-What are you saying?
-Sir.
Arrest warrant for you.
What the hell is this?
I didn't go
to Madame Tussauds.
The Indian Ambassador
on line, sir.
I'm not talking to any ambassador.
I'm here to arrest him.
Sir, Mr. Khanna did not go
to Madame Tussauds--
Are you Mr. Khanna?
Then just shut up
and let me do my job.
Excuse me.
So you are doing your job
and we are just faffing, right?
Must say you have a very polite way
of talking to women, Mr. Duncan.
Guess what?
It's my turn to be polite now.
This, sir, is bullshit.
Where were you between
10:00 and 10:30 this morning?
-I was at home.
-And who were you with?
-I was alone.
-Did anyone see you at home?
I just told you I was alone.
Aryan, I'll call our lawyer.
Can you talk in a language
we all can understand?
Let me translate it
in a language you understand.
-Lawyer.
-Two options.
Handcuffs if you are nasty,
without handcuffs if you are nice.
Nasty.
I need just five minutes with him, sir.
-Just five minutes.
-You stay here.
Just five minutes sir, please.
Let's call Akhtar.
Come, come, come.
What happened?
Lost your funny bone?
That's not me.
Behaves like you,
looks like you.
Everybody calls this person
by your name.
I said that's not me.
You got any proof?
Come on, say something,
Mr. Superstar.
Not to you,
Mr. Small-time Cop.
Not a word without my lawyer.
Suit yourself.
Twenty-four hours remand for Mr. Khanna
until he comes out with the truth.
-You can't do that.
-Sure I can.
Sir, one photograph, please?
Yeah.
-You have a safe trip, sir.
-Yes, I will.
It's time. Let's go.
In Croatian, we say "how are you?"
I'm fine. My name is Gaurav.
Thank you.
-Vegetable sandwich... one.
-Yes?
-This one?
-Okay. Here we go.
-No, no, more. Six more.
-More?
Yeah, it's okay. Here.
Thank you.
It's only bail.
We know you're lying.
Why would I waste my lies on you?
That was no imposter,
you twisted psycho.
We'll have you back in jail in no time.
Yeah, please do that.
Maybe I'll earn some money suing you
and the entire British police.
Aryan, please, control your temper.
It's their city, their country.
Don't make matters worse for yourself.
So we're done
with all the formalities? Yeah?
-Thanks a lot.
-Pathetic fool.
I'm coming with you to Dubrovnik
in case of any immigration issues.
Hey! Not that way.
The press is outside.
Aryan, this is the Deputy
High Commissioner, Mr. Murthy.
-Thank you for meeting me.
-Pleased to meet you, sir.
And I'm really sorry you had
to go through all this,
but... we can't interfere
very much.
It is a foreign country after all.
I know. Rules in every country
are made to get the innocent.
Sir, we're diplomats, not detectives.
Before the case is solved,
we have permission for you to travel.
Now we can only do that much.
It's a serious matter, a diplomatic issue.
So you must prove it wasn't you
at Madame Tussauds.
I must prove it?
Okay, I'll play cop.
I really appreciate your help.
-Thank you.
-Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir, really.
You have a good day.
In jail or dancing at a wedding,
these stars are so arrogant.
Your home CCTV footage has saved us.
It's with the police.
It proves an impostor
was at Madame Tussauds
and you were at home.
Yeah, that's okay, but who is he?
What's his motive?
Forget the London cops. Find out.
-We need to get this guy.
-Yeah.
We'll know more back in London.
So you know you can really relax now.
-Wine? Champagne? Anything?
-Everything.
Come on, Aryan.
It's over now, okay?
Sir, a call.
He says he knows the imposter
at Madame Tussauds.
Give me the phone.
I'll talk to him.
He'll only talk to Mr. Khanna.
He won't give me his name.
Give it to me.
Hello?
Hello!
Senior?
Chandna?
I won't let you forget my name.
It'll be spoken in the same breath
as your name.
What do you want?
The stage is set.
Tell everyone, admit
what you did was wrong.
You'll never break a fan's heart again.
Say "I'm sorry."
Stop this nonsense!
I'm not apologizing to anyone.
I tried to make you see sense.
If you had agreed to give me
five minutes,
I would have my life
and you would have yours.
But you had to prove you had star power.
-Now you'll see a fan's power.
-I'm a star.
I took your pranks as childishness,
had you thrown in jail a couple of days.
If l knew the real you,
you'd still be inside.
In 48 hours you did away
with my devotion of 25 years.
If you don't apologize,
your stardom will be over in 48 hours.
Do what you want.
I've seen off dozens like you.
The higher you fly,
the harder I'll make you fall.
But you must fly as high as me,
Gaurav Chandna.
For you, that's impossible.
We'll see how far you get
impersonating me.
I don't need to go far.
You're getting closer to me.
I'm in Dubrovnik.
That idiot!
He's in Dubrovnik.
No way...
Unknown caller,
unknown location.
Obviously, Sunaina. He wouldn't
call from a traceable number.
Apologize to him.
It's no big deal.
He's mad.
Is that so? And what am I?
Is the make-up team in place?
They are on their way.
They'll be here in 20 minutes.
Oh, great. And the props, fireworks,
confetti, all that?
We've done a couple of rehearsals.
-Everything's perfect.
-Okay. Thank you!
Aryan asked for a background check
of all the staff members.
-Is it done yet?
-It's going on right now.
Okay. Thank you.
Nicksi Jelopera.
-Medium?
-Medium.
You're so late, Aryan Khanna.
This is just not done.
I apologize.
I'm extremely sorry, Mr. Bhutiani.
I had a crisis, I'm sorry.
You celebrities always have some crisis,
but my daughter doesn't
get married every day.
-I know. I'm sorry.
-You've no idea.
That stunt you pulled in London
really embarrassed me.
No, no, no, Mr. Bhutiani.
What happened at Madame Tussauds--
You know what?
I'll make it up to you.
I swear. Your guests
will always think
of the grand Bhutiani wedding.
All right?
Well, they better do.
After all, I'm spending a ton on you.
Only you can. I'll get ready.
Sunaina, find out where
the CCTV cameras are.
Usman, watch the guest areas, the bars,
the toilets, the corridors.
-Keep an eye on everyone.
-Excuse me, sir.
I'm really sorry to interrupt,
but we just have two minutes.
I don't need two, darling.
Let's go, I'm ready.
-Let's go.
-Good luck.
Payal, tell me the names.
Is Bhutiani's son-in-law
called Amul Mirchandani?
It's Anmol Mirchandani.
Guys, all the best.
Break a leg and do well.
And sisters Anushka, Deepshika?
-That's for later, it's all here.
-Yeah.
Second entry dance five, six,
seven, eight. You're giving it to me.
-Sir, your shades.
-Thank you, Payal.
Okay, guys.
You have 30 seconds to go.
All the best, just kill it, all right?
Check all entries and exits.
Okay, Sunaina.
-Find anything?
-Not yet, sir.
I've spoken to the team,
no one enters without an invite.
Sir, your cue cards.
And, sir, you have 15 seconds.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Can you go to cam 4?
When you count the night stars
and yearn to etch her name
on every star...
you know you're in love.
When you want to turn back
as you walk ahead,
when you look for her
in a crowd,
you know you're in love.
"Say sorry."
Check the crew's photos.
He's not a guest.
He's a crew member. Quick!
-Check it.
-Got it.
Oh... sorry.
There. Zoom in.
Check the crew backstage.
There are many crew members.
Copy!
Payal, we need the crew IDs.
Photographs and bio-datas.
-Anything serious, sir?
-No, Aryan wants to know.
Just general protocol.
-Sorry.
-It's fine.
The crew is local.
Except one guy. Half Indian,
half Croatian
Akhtar is sending you a photo of him.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Round up all the crew.
-Any sign of him?
-Nothing, sir.
He's not responding.
-Sunaina.
-Can't see him on any camera.
-But I'm at it.
-What are you at it?
Where is there no CCTV camera?
Only your make-up room.
Careful, sir.
I AM YOU
You're very stubborn.
You don't listen to me.
Why are you hiding?
Talk face to face.
I stand face to face, Aryan Khanna.
But you never see me.
Now when I'm not there,
you're longing to see me.
I know the feeling.
I felt it in the crowd
in front of your house.
Sir, the Bhutianis are waiting.
The audience interaction--
Yeah, yeah.
I... I'll get ready.
-Yes, sir.
-I'll take care of it.
Thank you.
I'll come back and see you.
Hi, sweetheart.
Hope you enjoyed the show.
-Aryan, it was marvelous.
-Thank you.
Aryan, that's my daughter.
She's been practicing a step
to dance with you for two months.
Actually we were both practicing.
How pretty is she!
You know what?
Let me start with the young one.
And I'll come back for the experience.
Sir, we've found Chandna.
He's across from where
you're dancing,
-in the corridor.
-I'm not dancing.
Chandna is on the dance floor.
What the hell is wrong with him?
I was just dancing.
He started touching me here,
there, everywhere.
What happened?
I don't know.
You'll have to do something.
-Just get him out.
-I don't care.
Where is he?
What the hell do you think
you're doing?
-Mr. Bhutiani?
-Where do you think you are?
Calm down, Mr. Bhutiani.
What happened?
That girl is like my daughter, damn it!
Is this how you film stars behave?
I'm really sorry, ladies!
I'm sorry!
I'll explain. The guy who was
here wasn't me--
-Bullshit!
-I'm telling you,
it was somebody else.
I'm Aryan Khanna.
Do you expect me
to believe this?
-Yes! I'm Aryan Khanna.
-What bullshit!
You have known me for years,
Mr. Bhutiani!
I love you guys.
I'd never harm you people.
-That person wasn't me.
-Aryan...
I suggest you leave.
Stay back!
Hold on! Make some room!
Please step back!
Please, sir! Please!
Stop the car!
No one has given me
the interaction script.
Fifteen minutes to showtime.
Is there a delay or something?
What?
The show's canceled.
The fans boycotted the show
after the Buthiani wedding incident.
Sponsors have also pulled out.
Nobody came, not a soul.
The person that you're trying to reach
is not accepting any calls right now.
Please try again later.
-What's the matter with you?
-You wimp.
Watch where you're going!
Media is playing up the story.
The wedding video has gone viral.
Given Khanna's status, he must take
responsibility for his actions.
You know, I think
it's the attention problem.
These movie stars forget that
one day they'll be has-beens.
I think they go through
some kind of trauma.
Look at what he's done.
If an ordinary man misbehaves,
it's a crime.
If it's a star, it's a stunt.
Why these double standards for stars?
A criminal is a criminal.
Hello?
Hello, sir. It's me, Aryan,
I'm calling from London.
I know you are in London,
but what's going on?
A Delhi boy is impersonating me,
committing crimes.
We have to arrest him.
But the crimes are committed
outside of India.
We can't arrest him.
It's not in our jurisdiction.
Must we wait till he commits
a crime in India?
His name is Gaurav Chandna.
Find me his Delhi address.
It will help.
You don't tell me how to do
my job, okay?
But who should we arrest?
You're the accused, Aryan.
No, I'm not! I just...
Come back to India.
Then we'll look into the matter
with the proper procedure. Okay?
-I've been trying to call him all day.
-Hello?
What did he say?
Organize a press conference
first thing tomorrow morning.
-In Mumbai?
-No, here in London.
Well, look at this!
This is gonna get interesting!
You now have the video footage,
and all the documents, copies, etc.
You have proof
that Aryan Khanna did not
commit these crimes.
Question! Question!
You're angry with me,
and you have every right to be.
But believe me.
That dangerous and evil face
you see on TV is not me.
That person is not me.
So please give me time.
Time, so that I can prove
I've done nothing wrong.
I'd never do anything that
would make you ashamed
to call me your star.
Whatever I am...
I just want to say,
I would never do anything like this.
-Thank you.
-Sir! Sir! Sir!
Sir, do you know this impostor?
Have you met him?
I'm so sorry.
We can't talk now.
The case is in court,
the matter's sealed.
What about the imposter's name?
As soon as we have proof,
you'll be the first to know.
Are you the real Aryan Khanna
or the imposter?
You find this funny?
It's a big joke?
If this happened to a girl in your family,
would you still be grinning?
A woman was molested
and you find it funny?
And one more thing.
This press conference is not
to prove my innocence.
I want to warn you all.
The man who's impersonating me,
tarnishing my name.
He can hurt anyone, any time.
So please be careful.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you for coming.
Aryan has a flight to catch,
he's going back to India.
So have a great day
and see you soon.
Don't stop, go in the back. Right.
Open up!
One minute, sir.
Your wife said we must inform her.
Good. Hurry up,
before the reporters outside mob me.
-Hello?
-Ma'am, can the boss come in?
No, wait a second.
-Are you sure it's him?
-It sounds like him.
Ask him to face the camera.
Sir, your wife wants you
to step forward.
Hi, I am Aryan Khanna.
Height 5'10". Hair black,
eyes black and a big nose.
School: Kendriya Vidyalaya,
Sarojini Nagar, New Delhi.
College: Hans Raj College,
Delhi University.
Give me the phone, quick!
The press will surround me.
Let me in, or I'll end up in their arms.
Why is your phone off?
Can I tell you inside, please?
Open the door.
Guys! Dad's here!
Aryan!
Aryan! You're back?
Give me a hug!
-Hi.
-You're back.
-Yeah, I'm back.
Are the kids asleep?
Yes. It's way past their bedtime.
Of course!
Of course.
Let them sleep.
Let's relax and talk quietly
in our room.
Yeah!
-What an entrance exam!
-You passed with flying colors.
Of course, I spent my life
preparing for this moment.
Relax and make yourself a drink.
I'll run the shower for you.
Of course, of course.
She was crying.
It wasn't easy getting her
to sleep again.
It's better for us both if Isha
stays asleep.
I did say...
we could talk calmly.
Why do you need that?
Give it to me.
I have nothing against you
or your children.
Give me that!
Senior ignores me.
You can't let him do that.
Show me Aryan's study.
He's always talking about it.
Sound asleep.
Come, come.
Sit down. He lands in 20 minutes,
I don't have much time.
Come on, sit down.
This room has so many stories.
There are many stories
behind these awards.
And these costumes...
Days that Aryan
does not want to forget.
These are memories he wants
to keep close to his heart.
I treasured his memories too.
Kept them right here...
and here.
At home, on the walls
of my room, in cabinets.
On shelves like these.
Aryan Khanna filled every corner
of my life.
Really.
But he ended it all.
Five minutes! I asked him
for just five minutes.
You know what he said?
"It's my life. Why must I give you
even five seconds of it?"
-I apologize on his behalf.
-Why should you apologize? Why?
I hit Sid Kapoor for him!
He was hassling Aryan!
And what did Aryan do?
He threw me in jail,
had me beaten.
Said: "It's a crime!"
Crime is what I'll do now.
Breaking hearts of fans who are
devoted to you...
is a crime too.
You tell me.
Am I so wrong?
When he fights with you,
doesn't he say sorry?
So why can't he say sorry
to me? Tell me!
Please don't do this.
I beg of you.
What do you mean, "please"?
He left me with nothing.
Why must I leave anything for him?
How can l?
It's impossible!
A sham! All lies!
He's a liar! A fake!
The jerk is constantly acting.
He's an actor, after all.
I wanted to give him my trophy.
A belated happy birthday,
Aryan Khanna.
Open the door!
The children are with my parents.
They were terrified.
I didn't know what to tell them.
Isha asked me repeatedly:
"Why did Papa destroy the study?"
-Don't worry, it's okay.
-Why don't we call the police?
The police will do nothing.
They'll ask for proof.
They believe I'm the criminal.
I came this far in life
on my own steam.
I'll handle it myself.
I'll play rough, like a thug.
I'll rip him apart, send him back
to where he belongs.
Gaurav Chandna
has seen my star face.
Now he'll see my real face.
I'm a Delhi man too.
The dangerous and evil face
on the news is not me.
That person is not me.
Give me time.
I'll prove I've done nothing wrong.
I'd never do anything to make you ashamed
of calling me your star.
Aryan Khanna's press conference
proves that he is innocent.
A criminal is impersonating him
and committing crimes.
Who is doing it?
What's his name? Where is he?
No one knows the motives
behind his terrible actions.
The police have informed us
that they're very hopeful
this criminal will not escape.
Once he's arrested,
his punishment will be severe.
-Hello, Gauru?
-Mommy?
What's wrong with your phone?
-Where are you, Gauru?
-Right here.
I'm okay. And you?
Son, come home soon.
We're in trouble.
You've roamed the world.
Now return to your home.
Aryan?
You barged into my home?
You can barge into mine.
Why can't I do the same?
I came here to throttle
your parents
and ask them why they produced
a nasty son like you.
But I am not a lowlife like you.
Don't drag my parents into this.
They did nothing.
What did my kids do?
I entered your fortress alone.
Did you bring an army?
I am here alone,
Gaurav Chandna.
No security, no secretary.
No star, no hero.
If you have the guts, face me.
Settle the score.
The score will only be settled
when you apologize.
Go on the Inder Vihar contest
stage and apologize.
And listen...
If you touch my parents,
even with a feather,
I know where
your mother-in-law lives
and where your children are hiding.
I swear, your daughter is so cute.
Your son is stubborn like you.
Stop this bullshit!
I'll bury you alive if you dream
of harming my kids.
What would my parents think?
Such a big star...
using such foul language.
Forget it.
See you at the contest.
Your son has lost his mind.
-He's crossed the line.
-Our Gaurav was not like that.
He was a good boy.
He changed after meeting you.
What would you have lost
if you'd given him five minutes?
Don't blame Aryan.
It's our fault.
We let him get obsessed
with your glamorous life,
not your hard work.
He should've followed your example,
worked hard and become someone.
Then the call center girl
could've become his girlfriend or wife.
He has a girlfriend?
It's unrequited.
Gaurav loves her, but...
Enough. We have to accept things
the way they are.
Where's the contest held?
At the other end of the colony.
Apologize. Put an end
to this terrible situation.
You think I'm wrong, too?
And I must apologize?
Have him arrested.
He must be punished.
Send him to prison for years,
if you must.
But don't beat him up.
Please.
Hey, Junior.
Where were you?
-Hello, uncle, hello, auntie.
-Hello.
Have you been watching
the news about Aryan on TV?
Never mind.
I have good news.
I've got my American visa!
-I knew it.
-Thank you.
Why is he standing with his back
to me? It's not like him.
He's going on stage soon,
he's just nervous.
Him? And nervous?
Has he done anything in life
besides copying Aryan?
Hey, Mr. Superstar,
your make-up...
Neha.
I have to talk to you.
A super surprise!
At the Western Union
"moving money for better"
Super Star competition,
I give you our final act.
Our favorite winner.
Our Aryan Khanna, Jr.!
He's a criminal!
We don't want to see him!
Get him off the stage!
Calm down.
It's not the real Aryan Khanna.
It's our very own superstar...
Gaurav Chandna.
Give him a big hand!
I do a show
for Aryan every year.
I know, ma'am.
You cheer the loudest.
But this year's show...
The show today is for...
someone else.
The girl over there, who is...
smiling at me.
She's my friend.
Neha!
Come on, babes.
There's something I've kept
in my heart for days.
I love you, Neha.
-I love you too, Aryan.
-Not Aryan!
Gaurav loves you!
Gaurav loves Neha.
-Stop it, Gaurav!
-What nonsense!
Get lost.
-He's nuts.
-Thinks he's real Aryan Khanna.
Get him off.
Wait! He is talking to me.
I'll deal with it.
Say it again.
I love you!
Drop it.
You love only Aryan.
He can go to hell.
-Is that you talking?
-It's not just talk.
I've sent him to hell.
I fixed Aryan Khanna for good.
First in London,
then in Dubrovnik.
I made my way
into his house, too.
Once there, I smashed
everything in sight.
If you don't believe me, read the papers,
or the Internet, or watch TV.
Your Gaurav is famous all over the world.
I'm no less than Aryan.
Not at all.
I am a star in real life.
Not a star. A monster.
What?
They all think you're a star,
and you shamed Inder Vihar.
Listen to her.
I became a monster for her.
I don't want to know a monster.
A monster! Forget it.
Take my hand and say:
"I love you too."
-Let go.
-I won't.
But I'm telling you--
I'm very, very sorry, Neha.
Are you okay?
Thanks for your help!
Aryan!
He's a good guy.
Gaurav!
Get down!
Enough!
Enough of this game.
Come on, get up!
I am happy with my life.
Can't you be happy with yours?
Be a good son to your parents.
A good friend, a good boyfriend.
Stop being a fan.
What's the difference between us?
I came from the same streets.
I had normal parents, like you.
A regular house, regular school,
regular friends.
I made my way up on my own...
not in anyone's shadow.
I'm human.
I laugh and cry,
and get mad like you.
I have a family.
Responsibilities.
I don't have time to meet all my fans.
I'll say it again.
I'll forget all this.
You do the same.
Start over.
Not as Aryan Khanna, Jr.
See what it feels like
to be Gaurav Chandna.
Come!
The joy of living as yourself
cannot be matched
by living as another.
Stop now.
Live your life.
Let me live mine.
Where do I go, Senior?
You destroy me and ask me
to let you live your life?
What about my life?
You took everything from me.
The love of my parents...
Neha's friendship.
My neighbors' respect.
You were my lifeline, Senior.
You cut the connection.
Okay. I'll do as you say.
I'll stop this game.
I can separate myself from you.
But you can never separate
my name from yours.
You said everything.
But you never said
"I'm sorry."
No! Gaurav!
No, Gaurav. It's not over.
Think of your parents.
Stop this madness.
Forget it.
You'll never understand.
Aryan Khanna has cleared
his name completely.
But Gaurav Chandna,
from Inder Vihar,
has tied his name to superstar
Aryan's forever.
A wave of love greets Aryan
today, on his birthday.
Thousands of fans
have gathered...
-Aryan...
-...and are singing his songs.
It's time.
Everybody is waiting.